eCFR :: 12 CFR 1026.1 -- Authority, purpose, coverage, organization, enforcement, and liability.

 Site Feedback 

 You are using an unsupported browser

 &times; 

 You are using an unsupported browser. This web site is designed for the current versions of
 Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, or Safari.

 × 

 Site Feedback 

 The Office of the Federal Register publishes documents on behalf of Federal agencies but does not have any authority over their programs. We recommend you directly contact the agency associated with the content in question.

 If you have comments or suggestions on how to improve the www.ecfr.gov website or have questions about using www.ecfr.gov, please choose the 'Website Feedback' button below.

 Website Feedback

 If you would like to comment on the current content, please use the 'Content Feedback' button below for instructions on contacting the issuing agency

 Content Feedback

 If you have questions for the Agency that issued the current document please contact the agency directly. 

 × 

 Website Feedback 

 * Your Name 
 * Email 
 Attachment 
 * How can we help you? 

 * I am requesting technical help or providing website feedback 

 This contact form is only for website help or website suggestions. If you have questions or comments regarding a published document please
 contact the publishing agency. Comments or questions about document content can not be answered by OFR staff. Please do not provide confidential
 information or personal data.

 Home

 Browse

 Titles 

 Agencies 

 Incorporation by Reference 

 Recent Updates 

 Search

 Recent Changes

 Corrections

 Reader Aids

 Reader Aids Home 

 Using the eCFR Point-in-Time System 

 Understanding the eCFR 

 Government Policy and OFR Procedures 

 Developer Resources 

 Recent Site Updates 

 My eCFR

 My Subscriptions 

 Sign Out 

 Sign In / Sign Up 

 eCFR 
 The Electronic Code of Federal Regulations 

 Enhanced Content :: FR Reference Enhanced content is provided to the user to provide additional context. 

 Enhanced Content :: FR Reference 

 Title 12

 This content is from the eCFR and is authoritative but unofficial. 

 Displaying title 12, up to date as of 9/04/2026. Title 12 was last amended 9/01/2026. 

 view historical versions 

 A drafting site is available for use when drafting amendatory language

 switch to drafting site 

 modal#escClose"
 data-suggestions-target="modal">

 Navigate by entering citations or phrases 
 (eg:
 suggestions#fillExample"
 class="example badge badge-info">1 CFR 1.1 
 suggestions#fillExample"
 class="example ba