TTER AND SCOPE OF COPYRIGHT 
 Sec. 107 - Limitations on exclusive rights: Fair use 
 From the U.S. Government Publishing Office, www.gpo.gov 

 &sect;107. Limitations on exclusive rights: Fair use 

 Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright. In determining whether the use made of a work in any particular case is a fair use the factors to be considered shall include&mdash; 
 (1) the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes; 
 (2) the nature of the copyrighted work; 
 (3) the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole; and 
 (4) the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work. 

 The fact that a work is unpublished shall not itself bar a finding of fair use if such finding is made upon consideration of all the above factors. 

 (Pub. L. 94&ndash;553, title I, &sect;101, Oct. 19, 1976, 90 Stat. 2546; Pub. L. 101&ndash;650, title VI, &sect;607, Dec. 1, 1990, 104 Stat. 5132; Pub. L. 102&ndash;492, Oct. 24, 1992, 106 Stat. 3145.) 

 Historical and Revision Notes 
 house report no. 94&ndash;1476 
 General Background of the Problem. The judicial doctrine of fair use, one of the most important and well-established limitations on the exclusive right of copyright owners, would be given express statutory recognition for the first time in section 107. The claim that a defendant's acts constituted a fair use rather than an infringement has been raised as a defense in innumerable copyright actions over the years, and there is ample case law recognizing the existence of the doctrine and applying it. The examples enumerated at page 24 of the Register's 1961 Report, while by no means exhaustive, give some idea of the sort of activities the courts might regard as fair use under the circumstances: &quot;quotation of excerpts in a review or criticism for purposes of illustration or comment; quotation of short passages in a scholarly or technical work, for illustration or clarification of the author's observations; use in a parody of some of the content of the work parodied; summary of an address or article, with brief quotations, in a news report; reproduction by a library of a portion of a work to replace part of a damaged copy; reproduction by a teacher or student of a small part of a work to illustrate a lesson; reproduction of a work in legislative or judicial proce