01 

 Quick search by citation: 

 Title 

 Section 

 Go! 

 26 U.S. Code § 501 - Exemption from tax on corporations, certain trusts, etc. 

 U.S. Code 

 Notes 

 Authorities (CFR)

 prev | next 

 (a) Exemption from taxation 

 An organization described in subsection (c) or (d) or section 401(a) shall be exempt from taxation under this subtitle unless such exemption is denied under section 502 or 503. 

 (b) Tax on unrelated business income and certain other activities 

 An organization exempt from taxation under subsection (a) shall be subject to tax to the extent provided in parts II, III, and VI of this subchapter, but (notwithstanding parts II, III, and VI of this subchapter) shall be considered an organization exempt from income taxes for the purpose of any law which refers to organizations exempt from income taxes. 

 (c) List of exempt organizations The following organizations are referred to in subsection (a): 
 (1) Any corporation organized under Act of Congress which is an instrumentality of the United States but only if such corporation— 
 (A) is exempt from Federal income taxes— 
 (i) 
 under such Act as amended and supplemented before July 18, 1984 , or 

 (ii) 
 under this title without regard to any provision of law which is not contained in this title and which is not contained in a revenue Act, or 

 (B) 
 is described in subsection (l). 

 (2) 
 Corporations organized for the exclusive purpose of holding title to property, collecting income therefrom, and turning over the entire amount thereof, less expenses, to an organization which itself is exempt under this section. Rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (G) of paragraph (25) shall apply for purposes of this paragraph. 

 (3) 
 Corporations, and any community chest, fund, or foundation, organized and operated exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, testing for public safety, literary, or educational purposes , or to foster national or international amateur sports competition (but only if no part of its activities involve the provision of athletic facilities or equipment), or for the prevention of cruelty to children or animals, no part of the net earnings of which inures to the benefit of any private shareholder or individual, no substantial part of the activities of which is carrying on propaganda, or otherwise attempting, to influence legislation (except as otherwise provided in subsection (h)), and which does not participate in, or intervene in (including the publishing or distributing of statements), any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for public office. 

 (4) 
 (A) 
 Civic leagues or organizations not organized for profit but operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare, or local associations of employees, 